[FEATURE] Add simple self_test to Python API (#674)
PowerGridModel/power-grid-model: docs/quickstart.md

see [Graph Data Model](user_manual/data-model).

Before we start working on the network, we need first import the main model class

> as well as some helper functions for enumerations and meta data.  

Reviewer: Remove whitespace at the end.

from power_grid_model import LoadGenType
from power_grid_model import PowerGridModel
from power_grid_model import initialize_array
from power_grid_model.utils import self_test
```

A basic self_test function is provided to check if the installation was successful

> and there are no build errors, segfaults, undefined symbols, etc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and there are no build errors, segmentation violations, undefined symbols, etc.
```
